Add note about Windows (#4347)
ocaml/opam: doc/pages/Install.md

- OSX (intel 64 bits)

> (other platforms are available using the other methods below)
> 
> Note: We are looking for help packaging Opam for Windows.
> 

Reviewer: We're not "looking" in the sense that no one is doing it at the moment: the core team's goal is merging (in terms of requirements) with https://fdopen.github.io/opam-repository-mingw/ (which is a binary packaging of opam).

Perhaps:
```suggestion
- We do not at present provide an official Windows distribution of opam, but please see [this separately maintained distribution](https://fdopen.github.io/opam-repository-mingw/)
(other platforms are available using the other methods below)

```

##### Versions older than 18.04
Use the binary distribution. Instructions provided at https://opam.ocaml.org/doc/Install.html#Binary-distribution

> #### Windows
> 
> We are looking for help packaging Opam on Windows. If you are interested, please get in touch!
> 

Reviewer: I don't think this mention is necessary, or potentially:
```suggestion
#### Windows

Full support for Windows is planned for opam 2.2, and we expect to provide an opam package in [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) and [winget](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/). If you'd like to help out, please get in touch!
```
